Fix win32_event_log documentation example regex (#13041)
DataDog/integrations-core: win32_event_log/README.md

    log_processing_rules:
      - type: include_at_match
        name: include_x01
        pattern: '"EventID":"(101|201|301)"'
```

> **Note**: the pattern may vary based on the format of the logs. The [Agent `stream-logs` subcommand][15] can be used to view this format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The pattern may vary based on the format of the logs. The [Agent `stream-logs` subcommand][15] can be used to view this format.
```

#### Legacy events
_Applies to Agent versions less than 7.41_

> Legacy Provider EventID's have a [`Qualifiers`][14] attribute that changes the format of the log. These events have the following XML format, visible in Windows Event Viewer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Legacy Provider EventIDs have a `Qualifiers` attribute that changes the format of the log, as seen in the [Windows Event Schema][14]. These events have the following XML format, visible in Windows Event Viewer:
```
